# Acadental Products

---

# Accessories

- **ModuPRO Carrier Tray**
    
    **Item #: MP_MCT102_PC**
    
    Anodized aluminum magnetic Carrier Tray. Universal between numerous maxillary and mandibular ModuPRO arches. Compatible with ModuPRO One Gums, ModuPRO Pros Gums, ModuPRO DH Gums, and ModuPRO DS gums and ModuPRO Coris gums. Not compatible with Acadental's range of caries teeth used in operative/restorative licensure exam.
    
    **Price: $65.00 per tray**
    

- **ModuPRO Articulator**
    
    **Item #: AM_A01**
    
    Adjustable Articulator with lateral and protrusive movement. Compatible with all ModuPRO products.
    
    **Price: $69.50 per articulator**
    
- **ModuPRO M1.56 Screw 30 Pack**
    
    **Item #: MP_SM1.56**
    
    Stainless steel replacement screws for ModuPRO M200, M300,M400 and A500 teeth.Sold in a pack of 30. Compatible with all ModuPRO products.
    
    **Price: $10.95 per pack**
    
- **Oral Cavity Cover**
    
    **Item #: AM_OCC**
    
    Oral Cavity Cover attaches to ModuPRO to simulate retraction of lips and cheeks along with collecting water.
    
    **Price: $60.42 per unit**
    
- **Mandibular Lock**
    
    **Item #: AM_MLOCK**
    
    Mandibular Lock to stabilize the mandibular arch. Compatible with the Bite Limiting Rod (AM_BLR100).
    
    **Price: $19.42 per lock**
    
- **Bite Limiting Rod**
    
    **Item #: AM_BLR100**
    
    Steel Bite Limiting Rod for Mandibular Arch Support.
    
    **Price: $25.57 per rod**
    
- **CheckMate for ModuPRO One Maxillary**
    
    **Item #: MP_CKMATEO_U**
    
    CheckMate One to make uniform PVS matrices/stents for the maxillary ModuPRO One arch.
    
    **Price: $22.74 per unit**
    

- **Silicone face mask for Charlie**
    
    **Item #: MH_SMASK**
    
    Silicone face mask without drainage connector kit compatible with the Charlie manikin and most CDC and KaVo heads.
    
    **Price: $161.07 per unit**
    
- **A‑Block, IANB Anesthesia Training Kit**
    
    **Item #: AM_ANES**
    
    The Inferior Alveolar Nerve Block is the most difficult anesthesia administration for dental professionals. Simulate the Inferior Alveolar Nerve Block (IANB) and visualize major anatomical landmarks with Acadental's A-Block. Training with the A-Block provides training for specific anatomical landmarking for successful local anesthesia administration. Mandibular ramus, coronoid notch, and the pterygomandibular raphe in stunning anatomically correct visual detail. Symmetrical structure simulating both the patients left and right features. Simply place the A-Block in the back of the ModuPRO and rest on the mandibular Carrier Tray. Compatible only with the ModuPRO® with or without the Oral Cavity Cover. Great for lab practice and OSCE's prior to administration on a live patient.(*ModuPRO typodont sold separately*.)
    
    **Price: $609.00 per kit**
    
- **Simulated Soft Tongue**
    
    **Item #: AM_ST**
    
    Simulated soft tongue with realistic texture and feel. Designed for placement under the mandibular arch of the ModuPRO One, ModuPRO Perio, and ModuPRO DH.
    
    **Price: $24.75 per tongue**
    
- **Clear Face**
    
    **Item #: AM_CFACE**
    
    The Clear Face conveniently threads onto the ModuPRO Carrier Tray simulating a face that includes eyes and nose.
    
    **Price: $211.10 per face**
    
- **Screwdriver**
    
    **Item #: MP_SD101**
    
    ModuPRO screwdriver with phillips head that comes standard with most ModuPRO and ModuPRO Refill kits. For use with 1.56mm, M2, and M4 screws.
    
    **Price: $6.50 per screwdriver**
    
- **M2 Screw Pack**
    
    **Item #: RT_SM2**
    
    M2 screws for retaining the Real-T Endo #8 tooth in Real-T Endo module RT_AE07-12_M2or the ModuPRO DH and Calibration locking plates.Sold in a pack of 10.
    
    **Price: $8.95 per pack**
    
- **MPR M1.56 Screw 30 Pack**
    
    **Item #: MP_SM1.56**
    
    Stainless steel replacement screws for ModuPRO M200, M300,M400 and A500 teeth.Sold in a pack of 30.
    
    **Price: $10.95 per pack**
    
- **MPR M4 Screw 10 Pack**
    
    **Item #: MP_SM4**
    
    M4 screws used for attaching the ModuPRO One articulator to Carrier Trays.Sold in a pack of 10.
    
    **Price: $13.50 per pack**
    
- **ModuPRO Articulator Thumb Screw**
    
    **Item #: MP_ASTM5**
    
    Replacement thumb screw for ModuPRO self-adjusting articulator.
    
    **Price: $6.92 screw**
    
- **MPX Transfer Kit**
    
    **Item #: AM_HADAP**
    
    Hanau Occlusion Transfer Adapter Kit with mandibular base, maxillary plate and maxillary mounting bar. Designed to attach a ModuPRO to threaded Hanau WideVue articulator.
    
    **Price: $120.00 per kit**
    
- **Darwin Manikin Adapter w/screws**
    
    **Item #: AM_DMADAP**
    
    Darwin Manikin Adapter Set with Screws. For use to attach the ModuPRO to a Darwin manikin, if required.
    
    **Price: $21.00 per maniken**
    
- **AM Maxillary CDC Plate**
    
    **Item #: AM_MPLATE_C**
    
    Manikin Plate for CDC Head to allow full use of ModuPRO with adjustable articulator.
    
    **Price: $225.00 per plate**
    
- **AM Maxillary Kavo Plate**
    
    **Item #: AM_MPLATE_K**
    
    Manikin Plate for KaVO head to allow full use of ModuPRO with adjustable articulator.
    
    **Price: $225.00 per plate**
    

---

# ModuPRO One

**Teeth type:** M300 series

Precision restorative typodont with soft-gum that is now the standard for preclinical operative and fixed lab courses. Each arch attaches magnetically to the Carrier Trays. The ModuPRO One model comes iwth M300 Series teeth for teaching everything from tooth anatomy to various preparations.

- **ModuPRO One Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_R320**
    
    Absolutely stunning 32 tooth restorative typodont with soft gums. Each arch attaches magnetically to the Carrier Trays. Comes pre-populated with M300 series teeth for teaching tooth anatomy, operative, and fixed. All teeth are retained with a standard screw for repeatable class I occlusion. Includes self-adjustable articulator for effortless calibration and lateral/protrusive movement. 
    
    **Price: $272.85 per kit**
    
- **ModuPRO One Replacement Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_01**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_02**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_03**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_04**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_05**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_06**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_07**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_08**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_09**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_10**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_11**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_12**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_13**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_14**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_15**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_16**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_17**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_18**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_19**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_20**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_21**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_22**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_23**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_24**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_25**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_26**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_27**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_28**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_29**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_30**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_31**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_32**
    
    All 32 ModuPRO One M300 Series teeth can be individually replaced. Teeth are intended to fit the same as the tooth that was installed with your original ModuPRO One model.(All first molars compatible with the ModuPRO Pedo mixed dentition arches.) All M300 teeth sales are final.
    
    **Price: $2.27 per tooth**
    
- **DTX Carious Tooth #07**
    
    **Item #: MP_M3DTXD_07**
    
    DTX with lesion on the distal of the maxillary right lateral incisor. Great to practice for the class III in the CompeDont exam. Although the teeth in the actual CompeDont exam will differ, they are designed with similar color and hardness. Compatible only with the ModuPRO One.All DTX sales are final.CompeDont is a registered trademark of CDCA.
    
    **Price: $23.50 per tooth**
    
- **DTX Carious Tooth #09**
    
    **Item #: MP_M3DTXM_09**
    
    DTX with lesion on the mesial of the maxillary left central incisor is suitable to practice for the class III in the CompeDont exam. Although the teeth in the actual CompeDont exam will differ, they are designed with similar color and hardness. Compatible only with the ModuPRO One.All DTX sales are final.CompeDont is a registered trademark of CDCA.
    
    **Price: $23.50 per tooth**
    
- **DTX Carious Tooth #20**
    
    **Item #: MP_M3DTXM_20**
    
    DTX with lesion on the mesial of the mandibular left 2nd premolar. This tooth allows practice for the class III in the CompeDont exam. Although the teeth in the actual CompeDont exam will differ, they are designed with similar color and hardness. Compatible only with the ModuPRO One.
    All DTX sales are final.CompeDont is a registered trademark of CDCA.
    
    **Price: $23.50 per tooth**
    
- **DTX Carious Tooth #30**
    
    **Item #: MP_M3DTXD_30**
    
    DTX with lesion on the distal of the mandibular right first molar is suitable to practice for the class II in the CompeDont exam. Although the teeth in the actual CompeDont exam will differ, they are designed with similar color and hardness. Compatible only with the ModuPRO One.All DTX sales are final.CompeDont is a registered trademark of CDCA.
    
    **Price: $23.50 per tooth**
    
- **ModuPRO One Upper Gum without teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_S01-16**
    
    Standardized ModuPRO One maxillary replacement soft-gum.
    
    **Price: $41.59 per unit**
    
- **ModuPRO One Lower Gum w/out teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_S17-32**
    
    Standardized ModuPRO One mandibular replacement soft-gum.
    
    **Price: $41.59 per unit**
    
- **ModuPRO One Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_R300**
    
    The ModuPRO One Refill Kit conveniently fits onto your existing magnetic Carrier Trays. Kit includes upper and lower ModuPRO One soft gums, all 32 M300 teeth, magnetic plate, and screwdriver.
    
    **Price: $174.97 per kit**
    
- **ModuPRO One Mandibular Magnetic Plate**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP17-32**
    
    ModuPRO One replacement magnetic base plate for mandibular soft-gum.
    
    **Price: $21.91 per plate**
    
- **ModuPRO One Maxillary Magnetic Plate**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP17-32**
    
    ModuPRO One replacement magnetic base plate for maxillary soft-gum.
    
    **Price: $21.91 per plate**
    
- **ModuPRO One Root Plugs**
    
    Numerous root plug options for the ModuPRO One in order to make a particular site edentulous.
    
    **Price: $4.65 per plug**
    

---

# ModuPRO Pros

**Teeth type:** M200 series

Modularized typodont for use with multiple disciplines allowing flexibility for faculty and streamlining of examinations. Model comes with 28 M200 teeth.

- **ModuPRO Pros Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_R220**
    
    The ModuPRO Pros is a segmented typodont with hard gums that comes with adjustable articulator and magnetic Carrier Trays. Includes all six pros modules (AT02-06/AT07-12/AT13-15/AT18-20/AT21-27/AT28-31) fully populated with M200 Series teeth.
    
    **Price: $263.75 per kit**
    

- **ModuPRO Pros Upper Right Module with Teeth #02‑#06**
    
    **Item #: MP_AT02-06**
    
    ModuPRO Pros Module AT2-6 with M200 Teeth
    
    **Price: $38.27 per module**
    
- **ModuPRO Pros Upper Anterior Module with Teeth #07‑#12**
    
    **Item #: MP_AT07-12**
    
    ModuPRO Pros Module AT07-12 with M200 Teeth
    
    **Price: $40.58 per module**
    

- **ModuPRO Pros Upper Left Module with Teeth #13‑#15**
    
    **Item #: MP_AT13-15**
    
    ModuPRO Pros Module AT13-15 with M200 Teeth
    
    **Price: $34.66**
    
- **ModuPRO Pros Lower Left Module with Teeth #18‑#20**
    
    **Item #: MP_AT18-20**
    
    ModuPRO Pros Module AT18-20 with M200 Teeth
    
    **Price: $34.66**
    
- **ModuPRO Pros Lower Anterior Module with Teeth #21‑#27**
    
    **Item #: MP_AT21-27**
    
    ModuPRO Pros Module AT21-27 with M200 Teeth
    
    **Price: $42.70**
    
- **ModuPRO Pros Lower Right Module with Teeth #28‑#31**
    
    **Item #: MP_AT28-31**
    
    ModuPRO Pros Module AT28-31 with M200 Teeth
    
    **Price: $36.88**
    
- **ModuPRO Pros M200 Replacement Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_02**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_03**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_04**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_05**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_06**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_07**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_08**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_09**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_10**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_11**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_12**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_13**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_14**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_15**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_16**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_17**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_18**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_19**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_20**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_21**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_22**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_23**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_24**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_25**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_26**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_27**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_28**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_29**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_30**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_31**
    
    ModuPRO Pros M200 teeth are used in the following fixed-pros exams: CDCA-WREB-CITA, CRDTS, SRTA. Compatible only with the segmented ModuPRO Pros Model. All M200 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    **Price: $2.27 per tooth**
    
    ---
    
    # **ModuPRO RPD (Removable Partial Denture)**
    
    **Teeth type:** M300 series
    
    Hard gum model with simulated bone loss and numerous edentulous sites.
    
- **MP RP10 Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_R300_RP10**
    
    ModuPRO Removable Partial Denture Refill Kit w/10 edentulous spaces (1,4,14,16,17,19,20,30,31,32).
    
    **Price: $230.56**
    
- **ModuPRO Denture Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_D600**
    
    ModuPRO Denture Refill Kit. Designed to attach to existing magnetic Carrier Trays.
    
    **Price: $219.00**
    
- **ModuPRO One Replacement Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_01**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_02**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_03**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_04**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_05**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_06**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_07**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_08**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_09**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_10**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_11**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_12**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_13**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_14**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_15**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_16**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_17**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_18**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_19**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_20**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_21**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_22**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_23**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_24**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_25**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_26**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_27**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_28**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_29**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_30**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_31**
    
    **Item #: MP_M300_32**
    
    All 32 ModuPRO One M300 Series teeth can be individually replaced. Teeth are intended to fit the same as the tooth that was installed with your original ModuPRO One model.(All first molars compatible with the ModuPRO Pedo mixed dentition arches.) All M300 teeth sales are final.
    
    **Price: $2.27 per tooth**
    
    ---
    
    # **Dental Study Model for Permanent Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_R300_DSM**
    
    Study model with permanent teeth. Each tooth is removable with clear definition of CEJ. Clinical crown features primary and secondary anatomical details. Well-defined concavity characteristics.
    
    **Price: $131.39 per unit**
    
    ---
    
    # **ModuPRO Pedo**
    
    **Teeth type:** M400 and M300 series
    
    Mixed dentition model with anatomical primary and permanent teeth. Sharp occlusal detail facilitates the teaching of numerous topics including stainless crowns, space maintainers, and restorations.
    
- **ModuPRO Pedo Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_P420**
    
    ModuPRO Pedo model with mixed dentition. Anatomical primary and permanent teeth. Sharp occlusal detail facilitates teaching of numerous topics including stainless crowns, space maintainers, and restorations. Comes with adjustable articulator and magnetic Carrier Trays.
    
    **Price: $273.52 per kit**
    
- **ModuPRO Pedo Replacement Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_M400_A**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_B**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_C**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_D**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_E**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_F**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_G**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_H**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_I**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_J**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_K**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_L**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_M**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_N**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_O**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_P**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_Q**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_R**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_S**
    
    **Item #: MP_M200_T**
    
    All 20 ModuPRO Pedo M400 Series teeth can be individually replaced. Teeth are intended to fit the same as the tooth that was installed with your original ModuPRO Pedo model.
    
    **Price: $2.27 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #A Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601_ARL**
    
    Endo 3DP Maxillary Right Primary Molar (#A) with ribbon-shaped canals. Ideal for teaching aspects of pulp therapy. Includes permanent tooth under primary furcation in order to teach proper access techniques. Designed to fit into the ModuPRO Pedo site A. (Patent Pending)
    
    **Price: $15.95 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #K Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601_KRL**
    
    Endo 3DP Mandibular Primary Molar (#K) with ribbon-shaped canals. Ideal for teaching aspects of pulp therapy. Includes permanent tooth under primary furcation in order to teach proper access techniques. Designed to fit into the ModuPRO Pedo site K. (Patent Pending)
    
    **Price: $15.95 per tooth**
    
- **ModuPRO Pedo Upper Gingiva without teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_SA-J_MD**
    
    ModuPRO Pedo Maxillary Replacement Soft-gum Base (Mixed Dentition)
    
    **Price: $41.59 per gum**
    
- **ModuPRO Pedo Lower Gingiva without teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_SA-J_MD**
    
    ModuPRO Pedo Mandibular Replacement Soft-gum Base (Mixed Dentition)
    
    **Price: $41.59 per gum**
    
- **Dental Study Model for Pedo (primary teeth)**
    
    **Item #: MP_P400_DSM**
    
    Study model with primary teeth. Each tooth is removable with clear definition of CEJ. Clinical crown features primary and secondary anatomical details. Well-defined concavity characteristics.
    
    **Price: $125.70 per model**
    
    ---
    
    # **ModuPRO Endo**
    
    Amazing radiographs of all angles, standardize your endo lab, master the use of an apex locator, and allow placement of extracted or Acadental's replica endo teeth.
    
- **ModuPRO Endo Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_E120_PC**
    
    Modular typodont with both maxillary and mandibular modules compatible with Acadental's replica teeth or natural teeth. ModuPRO Endo modules attach magnetically to Carrier Tray. Standardized mounting materials consisting of conductive Apex Putty and Fixing Gel including with kit. Apex locator bars included to attach to anterior of Carrier Trays in order to use electronic apex locator.
    
    **Price: $249.75 per kit**
    
- **ModuPRO Endo Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_E100**
    
    Perfect for replacing all endo modules and mounting materials that came with the original ModuPRO Endo kit. Conveniently fits onto your existing magnetic Carrier Trays. Kit includes all six endo modules (NT02-06/NT07-12/NT13-15/NT18-20/NT21-27/NT28-31), Fixing Gel syringe, two dental mixing tips, Conductive Apex Putty, and Opti-X w/sphere.
    
    **Price: $149.50 per kit**
    
- **RTE Upper Left Module with Teeth #13**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE13-15_M2**
    
    RTE Upper Left Module 13-15 Melamine AE13-15_M2. Compatible with both ModuPRO Endo and ModuPRO Pros. RTE #14 With Insert Radiolucent goes into open slot.
    
    **Price: $24.96 per module**
    
- **RTE Upper Anterior Module with Teeth #07, #09-#12**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE07-12_M2**
    
    Upper Anterior Artificial Endo Module AE07-12_M2. Designed to insert the Real-T Endo maxillary right central incisor. M2 screw on the lingual used to lock the Real-T Endo tooth in place. Adjacent M200 teeth for crown preps. Does NOT include tooth #08.
    
    **Price: $34.11 per module**
    
- **ModuPRO Endo Fixing Gel Syringe with Tips**
    
    **Item #: MP_E140**
    
    Exceptional and reliable dual auto-mixing syringe designed to easily secure teeth within the ModuPRO Endo modules. Easy to dispense and somewhat viscous so the flow can be controlled in a uniform manner. The syringe is designed for repeated use without cross contamination of the materials allowing the user to apply a light pink color and have consistent material flow each time. One syringe can be used for several applications with the dental Mixing Tips (included).
    
    **Price: $21.29 per set**
    
- **ModuPRO Endo Apex Putty‑Conductive**
    
    **Item #: MP_E122**
    
    Conductive Apex Putty designed to be easily applied around the apex of the tooth to replicate perioapical radiolucency. Provides excellent apical visualization and a contrast with the Fixing Gel. The malleable Apex Putty is also conductive so it can be used for apex locator training.
    
    **Price: $19.52 per unit**
    
- **ModuPRO Endo Mixing Tip 10 Pack**
    
    **Item #: MP_E141**
    
    Pack of 10 Dental Mixing Tips designed to attach to the auto mixing Fixing Gel syringe.
    
    **Price: $20.91 per pack**
    
- **ModuPRO Endo Opti‑X**
    
    **Item #: MP_OPTIX**
    
    Opti-X w/ 2mm sphere. Excellent way in which to radiograph teeth in the ModuPRO Endo modules as the modules attach magnetically with the built-in magnet within the Opti-X. Buccal-lingual, mesial-distal, and 30 degree shift shot angles. Works with traditional film and a wide variety of sensors.
    
    **Price: $16.37 per unit**
    
- **ModuPRO Endo Apex Locator Bars 2 Pack**
    
    **Item #: MP_ALLPKG**
    
    **Apex Locator Bars (set of two) to attach to anterior portion of magnetic Carrier Tray. For use with ModuPRO Endo modules with teeth mounted with conductive Apex Putty and Fixing Gel.**
    
    Price: **$13.42 per pack**
    

- **X2 Endo #03 (Radiopaque)**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601X2_03**
    
    An absolutely ideal example on how to negotiate an MB2 canal with moderate curvature.This flagship X2 Endo tooth with the sought-after complexity of how the MB2 canal merges mid root with the MB1. The MB1 and MB2 canals then diverge apically.The DB canal is fairly benign with an apical diameter of aproximately .20mm.The palatal root has moderate curvature with about a 30 degree radius mid section allowing even a novice to learn how to negotiate curvature during instrumentation. Tooth is a must in order to gain fundamental knowledge of how to accomplish endodontic procedures on a maxillary first molar.
    
    **Price: $24.35 per tooth**
    
- **X2 Endo #05 (Radiopaque)**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601X2_05**
    
    This two rooted premolar is a fairly straightforward maxillary bicuspid, although the apical area of the buccal root diverges apically. The buccal canal has moderate curvature and the canal splits in the apical 4mm of the root. The lingual canal has minor curvature.
    
    **Price: $19.95 per tooth**
    
- **X2 Endo #09 (Radiopaque)**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601X2_09**
    
    Authentic internal and external anatomy with realistic radiographic results that replicate a natural maxillary central incisor. The canal is tapered with constriction close to the apex as found in most natural central incisors. An excellent tooth for practicing all cleaning and shaping techniques as well as standardized competency examinations.
    
    **Price: $19.95 per tooth**
    
- **X2 Endo #11 (Radiopaque)**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601X2_11**
    
    The maxillar cuspid has an extensive and challenging large space for instricate cleaning and obturation techniques.
    
    **Price: $19.95 per tooth**
    
- **X2 Endo #25 (Radiopaque)**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601X2_25**
    
    Typical mandibular single rooted central incisor. Canal is moderately small with some constriction that begins mid root. Slight curvature towards the facial in the apical third area.
    
    **Price: $19.95 per tooth**
    
- **X2 Endo #30 (Radiopaque)**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601X2_30**
    
    Real internal and external anatomy derived from CT data with outstanding radiographic results that replicates a natural mandibular 1st molar. Coronal hardness that captures that of real enamel to perfectly fine tune your access skills. The X2 Endo mandibular right first molar has two canals in the mesial root and one in the distal root. This particular tooth may be used to teach and practice an access only or full root canal treatment. The pulp chamber is typical and normal as found in a mandibular first molar. The mesial buccal canal is fairly straight and the mesial lingual canal is challenging with moderate curvature.
    
    **Price: $24.35 per tooth**
    
- **X2 Endo #31 (Radiopaque)**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601X2_31**
    
    Two rooted mandibular 2nd molar with two canals in the mesial and one in the distal.Both the MB and ML canals have moderate curvature to the distal lingual direction.
    
    **Price: $24.35 per tooth**
    
- **Real T Endo #03 Radiopaque**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE401_03**
    
    This particular maxillary first molar has an MB2 canal system, palatal root with a slight curve to the facial, and is ideal for performing a root canal on a tooth with complex anatomy. Entire tooth can be radiographed.
    
    **Price: $22.75 per tooth**
    
- **Real T Endo #08 Radiopaque**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE401_08**
    
    The initial width of the canal, prior to instrumentation, binds with less than a #35 file. You will find that the canal is tapered with constriction close to the apex as found in a natural central incisor. An excellent tooth for practicing all cleaning and shaping techniques. Entire tooth can be radiographed.
    
    **Price: $16.75 per tooth**
    
- **Real T Endo #12 Radiopaque**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE401_12**
    
    Two distinct roots with one placed buccally and the other palatially. The pulp chamber is lined centrally between both buccal lingual cusps. Terrific for practicing an ovoid access preparation to learn how to prevent perforation of the tooth. Entire tooth can be radiographed.
    
    **Price: $16.75 per tooth**
    
- **Real T Endo #14 Radiopaque**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE401_14**
    
    Designed to perform an ideal access. Optimal access allows for the removal of all pulp horns and straight line access to all canal orifices. Entire tooth can be radiographed.
    
    **Price: $22.75 per tooth**
    
- **Real T Endo #19 Radiopaque**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE401_19**
    
    The tooth has two roots in which two canals are in the mesial root and one canal in the distal root. Outstanding for practicing complete root canal treatment as this tooth is one of the most frequent in need of endodontic care. Entire tooth can be radiographed.
    
    **Price: $22.75 per tooth**
    
- **Real T Endo #29 Radiopaque**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE401_29**
    
    Constricted in the apical area and an ideally tapered canal makes this a great tooth for vertical condensation or continuous wave technique. Entire tooth can be radiographed.
    
    **Price: $16.75 per tooth**
    
- **Real T Endo #14 With Insert Radiopaque**
    
    **Item #: RT_AE401WI_14**
    
    Real-T Endo tooth #14 encapsulated in a Breakaway Insert to allow root canal treatment on a first maxillary insert with fully articulated dentition when inserted into artificial endo module AE13-15. Real-T Endo #14 tooth can be removed from insert for visualization of canal and pulp chamber. Entire tooth can be radiographed.
    
    **Price: $24.95 per insert**
    
- **Endo 3DP #03 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_03RL**
    
    Three rooted maxillary first molar with four canals, two of which are in the mesial buccal root.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per unit**
    
- **Endo 3DP #09 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_09RL**
    
    Maxillary central incisor with multiple terminuses in apical third of root. A lateral canal is present in mid root section.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #11 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_11RL**
    
    Single root maxillary left canine with Type I canal configuration. Extensive and challenging large space for intricate cleaning and obturation techniques.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #12 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_12RL**
    
    Simple two rooted maxillary first premolar. Canals are somewhat small in both roots, with slight to moderate curvature.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #14 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_14RL**
    
    Great tooth for hands on courses as each root has unique complexities ranging from easy, moderate, to severe. Two canals in the MB root, fairly benign curvature in the DB root and slight curvature in the palatal. Easy to hold in hand as well as visualize all canals.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #25 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_25RL**
    
    Standard mandibular single rooted central incisor with s-curve canal. Canal is moderately small, particularly in apical third.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #29 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_29RL**
    
    Calcified and aging pulp is demonstrated in this mandibular second premolar. Clinician must perform a deeper access to reach canal orifice.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #30 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_30RL**
    
    This mandibular right first molar has two canals in the mesial root and one in the distal.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #31 Accessed Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_AE601A_31RL**
    
    Two-rooted mandibular molar with two canals. Extreme curved canals and aging pulp chamber. Calcified ribbon-shaped distal canal.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #08 Obturated Radiolucent**
    
    **Item #: 3D_O601_08RL**
    
    Endo 3DP maxillary central incisor already accessed and obturated with simulated gutta percha. Ideal for practicing post and core exercises. Fits only to module RT_AE07-12.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #08 w/ broken crown and GP, White**
    
    **Item #: 3D_O601BC_08W**
    
    Endo 3DP maxillary central incisor fractured coronally with simulated gutta percha. Ideal for practicing post and core exercises. Fits only to module RT_AE07-12.
    
    **Price: $15.50 per tooth**
    
- **Endo 3DP #14 Obturated, DL**
    
    **Item #: 3D_O601DL_14RL**
    
    Endo 3DP maxillary 1st molar with broken crown and simulated gutta percha. Ideal for practicing post and core exercises. Tooth is pre-mounted into a Breakaway Insert that can easily fit into maxillary left module RT_AE13-15.
    
    Price: $21.16 per tooth
    
- **Endo 3DP #14 Obturated, DL, with Breakaway Insert**
    
    **Item #: 3D_O601DLWI_14RL**
    
    Endo 3DP maxillary 1st molar with broken crown and simulated gutta percha. Ideal for practicing post and core exercises. Fits only to module RT_AE13-15.
    
    Price: $24.35 per unit
    
- **Endo 3DP #21 w/ broken crown and GP, White**
    
    **Item #: 3D_O601BC_21W**
    
    Endo 3DP mandibular premolar with broken crown and simulated gutta percha. Ideal for practicing post and core exercises. Fits only into ModuPRO Pros module A21-27.
    
    Price: $15.86 per tooth
    
- **E-Block Canal Size 30 Degree Curve 45**
    
    **Item #: EB_S3045D**
    
    E-Block (canal size 30 with 45 degree curve)
    
    Price: $4.61 per block
    
- **E-Block Canal Size 20 Double Curve**
    
    **Item #: EB_S20DC**
    
    E-Block (canal size 20 with double curve)
    
    Price: $6.15 per block
    
- **E-Block Canal Size 30 Degree Curve 30**
    
    **Item #: EB_S3030D**
    
    E-Block (canal size 30 with 30 degree curve)
    
    Price: $4.61 per block
    
    ---
    
- **ModuPRO DS (Detect/Scale) Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH520_DS**
    
    ModuPRO DS (Detect/Scale) with adjustable articulator and magnetic Carrier Trays. Hybrid model combining the popular ModuPRO DH (mandibular) and ModuPRO Calibration (maxillary). Numerous pre-applied deposits on the mandibular DH arch. Widespread use for dental hygiene competency examinations and dental hygiene licensure mock boards. For hygiene and periodontics (perio).
    
    Price: $498.78 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO DS (Detect/Scale) Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH500_DS**
    
    ModuPRO DS (Detect/Scale) refill kit. Perfect to add to your existing ModuPRO magnetic Carrier Trays.Hybrid model combining the popular ModuPRO DH (mandibular) and ModuPRO Calibration (maxillary). Numerous pre-applied deposits on the mandibular DH arch. Widespread use for dental hygiene competency examinations and dental hygiene licensure mock boards. For hygiene and periodontics (perio).
    
    Price: $437.58 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Plus Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH520_O**
    
    The ModuPRO DH Plus has everything you expect with the ModuPRO DH, including M-Series teeth with pre applied SimCalc, plus the oral cavity cover and simulated tongue. This model comes with magnetic aluminum Carrier Trays so the arches can be easily removed to apply SimCalc, resilient gingiva with bone level attachment for realistic probing, and adjustable articulator. Acadental’s Oral Cavity Cover is pre-installed along with a simulated tongue to teach retraction.
    
    Price $468.18 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH520**
    
    ModuPRO DH with adjustable articulator and magnetic Carrier Trays. Fulfilled with the latest M-Series teeth mimicking the hardness of natural teeth. Outstanding model to teach dental anatomy followed by instrumentation. SimCalc applied to specific teeth to allow for a wide variety of instruments to be used. Realistic feeling when simulating the removal of calculus. Measurable probing depths and teachable soft-gum texture affords the ability to move instruments within the sulcus for replicating probing and scaling experienced in the clinic. Widely used in dental hygiene and perio examinations.
    
    Price: $372.18 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Baseline Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH520_BL**
    
    The ModuPRO DH Baseline with adjustable articulator is terrific for applying customized deposits specific to your program. Populated with M-Series teeth mimicking the hardness of natural teeth. Designed to learn baseline probing and diagnostic instrumentation without calculus present. SimCalc included in each kit for customized calculus placement and iterative scaling practice.
    
    Price: $296.92 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH500**
    
    ModuPRO DH Refill Kit with lifelike gingiva. Great to add to your existing magnetic Carrier Trays. Measurable pockets for realistic probing. Fulfilled with the latest M-Series teeth mimicking the hardness of natural teeth. SimCalc applied to select teeth for teaching with a wide variety of instruments, including universals and area-specific scalers. Widely used in dental hygiene and perio examinations.
    
    Price: $318.86 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Refill Kit – Baseline**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH500_BL**
    
    The ModuPRO DH Baseline Refill kit is a great option if you already have the ModuPRO magnetic Carrier Trays and articulator. Ideal for applying customized deposits specific to your program. Populated with M-Series teeth mimicking the hardness of natural teeth. Designed to learn baseline probing and diagnostic instrumentation without calculus present. A bottle of SimCalc is included in each kit for customized calculus placement.
    
    Price: $251.97 per kit
    
- **SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH540**
    
    Realistic texture that enhances tactile skills and iteratively practice scaling. User-friendly applicator tips for precision deposit application.
    
    Price: $19.73 per unit
    
- **SimCalc N**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH540_N**
    
    Light color to practice tactile skills. Ideal for use with Acadental’s M-Series teeth to mimic the feel of real calculus. User-friendly applicator tips for precision deposit application.
    
    Price: $20.91 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Upper without Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_S01-16_DH**
    
    ModuPRO DH Maxillary replacement soft-gum base with pink gingiva.
    
    Price: $49.00 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Lower without Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_S17-32_DH**
    
    ModuPRO DH Mandibular replacement soft-gum base with pink gingiva.
    
    Price: $49.00 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #01**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_01**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #01 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $6.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #02 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_02C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #02 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #03 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_03C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #03 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #04 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_04C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #04 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #05 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_05C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #05 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #06 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_06C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #06 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #07 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_07C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #07 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #08 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_08C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #08 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #09 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_09C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #09 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #10 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_10C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #10 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #11 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_11C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #11 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #12 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_12C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #12 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #13 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_13C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #13 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #14 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_14C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #14 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #15 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_15C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #15 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #16 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_16C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #16 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #17 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_17C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #17 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #18 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_18C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #18 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #19 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_19C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #19 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #20 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_20C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #20 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #21 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_21C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #21 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #22 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_22C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #22 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #23 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_23C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #23 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #24 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_24C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #24 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #25 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_25C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #25 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #26 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_26C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #26 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #27 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_27C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #27 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #28 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_28C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #28 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #29 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_29C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #29 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #30 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_30C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #30 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #31 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_31C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #31 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO M500 #32 w/SimCalc**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_32C**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #32 for replacement in the ModuPRO DH. M-Series teeth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth.All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $8.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO DH Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH500**
    
    ModuPRO DH Refill Kit with lifelike gingiva. Great to add to your existing magnetic Carrier Trays. Measurable pockets for realistic probing. Fulfilled with the latest M-Series teeth mimicking the hardness of natural teeth. SimCalc applied to select teeth for teaching with a wide variety of instruments, including universals and area-specific scalers. Widely used in dental hygiene and perio examinations.
    
    Price: $318.86 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO DH Calibration Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH520CT**
    
    ModuPRO DH Calibration w/articulator and magnetic Carrier Trays. The ModuPRO Calibration is terrific for standardizing teaching and agreeing on qualifying calculus. All teeth have non-removable calculus for repeated faculty/student exercises.
    
    Price: $565.00 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Calibration Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_DH500CT**
    
    ModuPRO Calibration refill arches. Ideal to add to your existing ModuPRO magnetic Carrier Tray. The ModuPRO Calibration is terrific for standardizing teaching and agreeing on qualifying calculus. All teeth have non-removable calculus for repeated faculty/student exercises.
    
    Price: $499.00 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Coris Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_CS520**
    
    Each arch pre-attached to the magnetic Carrier Trays and fastened to an adjustable articulator. Gingiva permanently attached to the simulated bone for consistent perio readings. Installed with M-Series teeth replicating the hardness of natural teeth. SimCalc N pre-applied mimicking where build-up commonly occurs in a periodontally involved clinical case. May be used with hand instruments or ultrasonic scalers without damaging the teeth when properly used according to mfr’s instructions.
    
    Price: $389.00 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Coris Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_CS500**
    
    Convenient refill kit to attach to an existing magnetic Carrier Tray. Gingiva permanently attached to the simulated bone for consistent perio readings. Installed with M-Series teeth replicating the hardness of natural teeth. SimCalc N pre-applied mimicking where build-up commonly occurs in a periodontally involved clinical case. May be used with hand instruments or ultrasonic scalers without damaging the teeth when properly used according to mfr’s instructions.
    
    Price: $339.00 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Coris Upper without Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_S01-16_CS**
    
    ModuPRO Coris maxillary replacement soft-gum base with pink gingiva.
    
    Price: $49.00 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO Coris Lower without Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_S17-32_CS**
    
    ModuPRO Coris mandibular replacement soft-gum base with pink gingiva.
    
    Price: $49.00 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO M500 with SimCalc N for ModuPRO Coris**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_01CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_02CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_03CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_04CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_05CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_06CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_07CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_08CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_09CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_10CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_11CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_12CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_13CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_14CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_15CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_16CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_17CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_18CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_19CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_20CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_21CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_22CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_23CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_24CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_25CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_26CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_27CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_28CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_29CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_30CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_31CS**
    
    **Item #: MP_M500_32CS**
    
    ModuPRO M500 tooth #01-#32 with SimCalc N as originally installed in the ModuPRO Coris. M-Series tooth designed to mimic the hardness and feel of natural teeth. All M500 teeth sales are final. No returns or exchanges allowed.
    
    Price: $9.99 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_P520**
    
    Life-like gingiva, furcations, and anatomical replaceable teeth with roots that have simulated calculus. Perfect for root planing and scaling. Comes with adjustable articulator and Carrier Trays.
    
    Price: $316.08 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Kit ‑ clear**
    
    **Item #: MP_P520_C**
    
    Life-like gingiva, furcations, and anatomical replaceable teeth with roots that have simulated calculus. Perfect for root planing and scaling. Comes with adjustable articulator, Carrier Trays and clear gingiva.
    
    Price: $316.08 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Refill Kit**
    
    **Item #: MP_P500**
    
    Perio gums attach to your existing magnetic Carrier Tray. ModuPRO Perio gums with anatomical roots and furcations can be used for root planing and scaling. All teeth come with simulated calculus and are completely replaceable.
    
    Price: $258.79 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Replacement Teeth**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_01**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_02**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_03**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_04**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_05**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_06**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_07**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_08**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_09**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_10**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_11**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_12**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_13**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_14**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_15**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_16**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_17**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_18**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_19**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_20**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_21**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_22**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_23**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_24**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_25**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_26**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_27**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_28**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_29**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_30**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_31**
    
    **Item #: MP_A500_32**
    
    All ModuPRO Perio A500 Series teeth can be individually replaced. Teeth are intended to fit the same as the tooth that was installed with your original ModuPRO Perio model. All A500 teeth sales are final.
    
    Price: $5.49 per tooth
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Refill Kit ‑ Clear**
    
    **Item #: MP_P500_C**
    
    Clear perio gums attach to your existing magnetic Carrier Tray. ModuPRO Perio gums with anatomical roots and furcations can be used for root planing and scaling. All teeth come with simulated calculus and are completely replaceable.
    
    Price: $258.79 per kit
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Upper Replacement Gingiva ‑ Pink**
    
    **Item #: MP_G01-16_P**
    
    ModuPRO Perio maxillary replacement soft-gum base. Ready for installation of A500 Series teeth.
    
    Price: $45.57 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Lower Replacement Gingiva ‑ Pink**
    
    **Item #: MP_G17-32_P**
    
    ModuPRO Perio mandibular replacement soft-gum base. Ready for installation of A500 Series teeth.
    
    Price: $45.57 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Upper Replacement Gingiva ‑ Clear**
    
    **Item #: MP_G01-16_PC**
    
    ModuPRO Perio maxillary replacement soft-gum base. Ready for installation of A500 Series teeth.
    
    Price: $45.57 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO Perio Lower Replacement Gingiva ‑ Clear**
    
    **Item #: MP_G17-32_PC**
    
    ModuPRO Perio mandibular replacement soft-gum base. Ready for installation of A500 Series teeth.
    
    Price: $45.57 per unit
    
- **ModuPRO DH & Calibration Locking Plate 01‑04**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP01-04**
    
    ModuPRO DH & Calibration Replacement Locking Plate 01-04.
    
    Price: $10.99 per plate
    
- **ModuPRO DH & Calibration Locking Plate 05‑12**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP05-12**
    
    ModuPRO DH & Calibration Replacement Locking Plate 05-12.
    
    Price: $10.99 per plate
    
- **ModuPRO DH & Calibration Locking Plate 13‑16**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP13-16**
    
    ModuPRO DH & Calibration Replacement Locking Plate 13-16.
    
    Price: $10.99 per plate
    
- **ModuPRO DH & Calibration Locking Plate 17‑21**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP17-21**
    
    ModuPRO DH & Calibration Replacement Locking Plate 17-21.
    
    Price: $10.99 per plate
    
- **ModuPRO DH & Calibration Locking Plate 22‑27**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP22-27**
    
    ModuPRO DH & Calibration Replacement Locking Plate 22-27.
    
    Price: $10.99 per plate
    
- **ModuPRO DH & Calibration Locking Plate 28‑32**
    
    **Item #: MP_MP28-32**
    
    ModuPRO DH & Calibration Replacement Locking Plate 28-32.
    
    Price: $10.99 per plate
    
    ---
    
    # **Charlie Manikin System**
    
    Available with or without drainage!
    
- **Charlie Manikin System with Drainage Hose**
    
    **Item #: MH_1200_1D**
    
    Replicate the clinical setting with Charlie! The Charlie manikin, with silicone face mask and drainage hose, allows the opportunity to practice and learn in an environment that simulates the clinical setting. Secure the Charlie manikin to a common simulation system or our Titan Bench Mount which can be mounted to a bench or dental chair. The ModuPRO typodont with adjustable articulator can be swiftly fastened onto the face plate. Magnetic Carrier Trays and adjustable articulator come pre-installed. Easy for students to remove their ModuPRO arches and place into the Charlie head so class can quickly start requiring less set-up time.Titan bench mount sold separately. All sales final.For a tutorial, please visit our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3tSYwx-yG5J24McwNN591g).
    
    **Price: $1,015.00 per unit**
    
- **Charlie Manikin System**
    
    **Item #: MH_1200_1**
    
    Replicate the clinical setting with Charlie! The Charlie manikin, with silicone face mask, allows the opportunity to practice and learn in an environment that simulates the clinic. Secure the Charlie manikin to a common simulation system or our Titan Bench Mount which can be mounted to a bench or dental chair. The ModuPRO typodont with adjustable articulator can be swiftly fastened onto the face plate. Magnetic Carrier Trays and adjustable articulator come pre-installed. Easy for students to remove their ModuPRO arches and place into the Charlie head so class can quickly start requiring less set-up time. Titan bench mount sold separately.All sales final.For a tutorial, please visit our YouTube channel.
    
    Price: $985.00 per unit
    
- **Charlie Manikin System for A‑dec Simulator**
    
    **Item #: MH_1200_1AD**
    
    The Charlie Manikin System for A-dec Simulator is compatible with new or existing A-dec simulators (stationary 42L and 41L mobile version). Simply attach to the A-dec simulator rod without the need for a full conversion. Magnetic Carrier Trays and adjustable articulator come pre-installed. Easy for students to remove their ModuPRO arches and place into the Charlie head so class can quickly start requiring less set-up time.Full motion and proper neck torque control makes it very easy to adjust all different operational positions. Light weight and perfectly adapts to Acadental’s ModuPRO magnetic system where the same articulator can be used inside the simulator, clinic, or home. Silicone face mask included and prefabricated for the A-dec drainage tubes.
    
    Price: $1,235.00 per unit
    
- **Charlie Ear Kit**
    
    **Item #: MH_EAR_KIT**
    
    The Charlie ear kit includes both the left and right ear with screws to quickly add ears to the Charlie manikin. Ideal to make face-bow records on the Charlie manikin.
    
    Price: $59.00 per kit
    
- **Titan Bench Mount**
    
    **Item #: AM_PM102**
    
    The Titan Bench Mount allows attachment to table or a clinic chair. High quality stainless steel and aluminum components provide extreme durability. All bench mount sales are final.
    
    Price: $273.68 per mount

---

# Required products for your licensure examination(exam or test)

 

- **CDCA and WREB and CITA Dental Exam all need the following products**

    For Restorative and Periodontal part exam or test

        You need ModuPRO One, DTX simulated caries teeth for CompeDont restorative part of exam. ModuPRO DH for periodontal part of the exam.

    For Fixed Prosthodontics(fixed-pros) and Endodontics part exam or test

        You need ModuPRO Endo and ModuPRO Pros model, Real-T Endo 08 and 14 teeth.  You can also purchase additional M200 teeth and Rea-T endo 08 and 14 teeth to practice before your licensure examination.
---

#Terms and Policies

Shipping Policy      

Order Processing and Shipping
We do our best to fulfill orders in an expeditious manner. Our goal is to process all individual orders within two business days of receipt and will ship according to the method selected at Checkout. Express orders must be placed by 12:00 p.m. CST Monday-Friday (excluding holidays) or they ship the next business day. Weekend delivery is not available. Larger quantity orders may take longer to fulfill.

Orders are processed and shipped during regular business hours (Monday through Friday 8:00AM - 5:00PM CDT, excluding holidays). If we encounter any problems processing or shipping your order, we will contact you within two business days. Orders will be held waiting for your response.

Acadental offers three shipping and handling options for U.S. orders (international shipping times and rates may vary by country): Shipping Options for the Contiguous U.S., Alaska & Hawaii:

Shipping Option Contiguous U.S. Alaska & Hawaii
Standard Delivery (3-5 Business Days)   3-5 Business Days   5-10 Business Days
Domestic 2-Days Up to 2 Business Days   Up to 2 Business Days
Domestic Standard Overnight 1 Business Day  2 Business Days

Most contiguous US orders are shipped via FedEx Ground Monday through Friday. On rare occasions we utilize the United States Postal Service (USPS) in an effort to provide the best service for our customer. Alaska and Hawaii may be shipped via USPS (Priority or Express). All packages EXCEPT ground/standard deliveries may require a signature. Acadental may contact you to collect additional funds if the cost of the shipment exceeds the price quoted during checkout. A signature release is not required for FedEx. If a signature is required, please notify Acadental immediately upon placement of your order. A nominal fee for a signature may be incurred. Acadental is NOT responsible for lost or stolen packages.

Packages will be delivered according to the SHIPPING METHOD selected. Acadental is not responsible for any delayed deliveries incurred by the shipper or responsible for any damages during shipment. If a package is lost, you must notify Acadental within 30 days from the ship date and we will facilitate the issue between the customer and the shipper. If the shipper will not replace the lost package, you may need to order and pay for a product replacement. No Saturday, Sunday or holiday deliveries. Acadental will use shipping address entered by purchaser. Before processing order, please ensure you have listed the correct shipping address, including an email address, so that we can provide a tracking number for your reference. Please note, at this time we are unable to ship-to P.O. Box addresses.

The USPS is our recommended international method of shipping, when possible. Delivery times and rates may vary by country. The USPS requires an exact ship-to address, postal code (if there is one), and a ship-to phone number. Furthermore, International orders are subject to Duties, Customs and Value Added Taxes. Be sure to verify the additional cost you may incur with the authorities of the country the order is being shipped to. These charges MUST be paid upon receipt of your order from the shipper.

For any product damaged or lost in transit, purchaser must notify Acadental by contacting us with the Loss or Damage & include your name, order number, order date and details regarding loss or damage, within ten (10) business days from receipt of damaged products, a short shipment, or not receiving an expected order.

Returns
At Acadental, we do our best to provide the best possible products and service to meet our customers' needs. You may return any unused product within 30 days of the invoice date for a full refund. Product exceptions include special order items, M200, M300, M400, and M500 type replacement teeth, and post mounts, for which all sales are final. Dealers and wholesalers will be assessed a 15% restocking fee for returns 31-60 days.

A return authorization form with return authorization number (RA#) and a copy of the original invoice MUST accompany all returns. To arrange for a return and receive a return authorization number, you must contact us with the Returns & include your name, invoice number, order date and reason for return. The return authorization number must be clearly displayed on the outside of the package when shipped or the package may be returned to shipper. Postage must be pre-paid. Acadental will not accept returns that have arrived COD.

All products must be returned UNMARKED and IN ORIGINAL, UNOPENED, SEALED PACKAGING and the products(s) must be in unused condition without any markings. All returned merchandise will be inspected, and any merchandise returned in unacceptable condition will NOT be eligible for credit. Ensure the merchandise being returned is carefully packaged. Insurance is highly recommended. We cannot be responsible for returned merchandise that arrives damaged due to improper packing. Upon receipt of the returned items, they will first be checked to ensure the return criteria has been met, and if so, Acadental will exchange, refund, or issue a credit within 30 days.

We suggest that when shipping the product(s) back to Acadental, customers should choose the same shipper who delivered the product, as well as insure the item for full value. Keep a copy of your shipping receipt until you have received credit for your return. Acadental is not responsible for shipment of returned items.

If the item was originally paid for by check or money order, the customer will be mailed a check for the amount of the item and any applicable taxes that were paid within 30 days. If the item was originally paid for by credit card, a credit will be issued to the same credit card account that the purchase was made for the amount of the item and any applicable taxes that were charged. Shipping and handling costs will not be reimbursed.

Shipment Related Loss or Damage
Although the shipper is responsible for all items lost or damaged during shipping, if you receive a damaged item, please contact Acadental with Loss or Damage & include your name, order number, order date and details regarding loss or damage immediately so that we may notify the shipper. A digital photo of the damage and the actual date of occurrence may help expedite your claim. Acadental will work with the shipper on your behalf regarding any claims. Please note that in order to receive a refund for the shipping cost of the item, you must contact our customer service team before returning the item. Additionally, Acadental has the right to refuse any return request due to shipping damage if the problem was not reported within a week of receipt or not returned within two weeks of reporting the problem, if requested.

In the event that you require the product replaced before the shipper pays the loss or damage claim, which may take up to two weeks, Acadental will require payment for the replacement items and re-shipment in the event the shipper denies the claim filed on your behalf. If the shipper pays the claim, Acadental will refund the amount that was charged.

Warranties
Acadental warrants to the original purchaser that all products purchased will be free from defects for 30 days from the date of purchase. During the warranty period, Acadental will repair or replace any defective part with like replacement part or kit at no cost to bearer.

Warranty replacement will be performed at the original place of purchase and such replacement will be warranted for 30 days upon receipt of the product. The original purchaser will bear all shipping/transportation charges to and from the place of purchase. Written notice of any defect in parts or workmanship must be received by Acadental before the expiration of the warranty period. This warranty is not transferable and proof of purchase is required. This limited warranty covers normal use. Acadental does not warrant any damage resulting from misuse, improper maintenance, temperature, dust, humidity, alterations or modifications, electrical power, spills, misuse or deliberate abuse.

Pricing
Due to market conditions, prices are subject to change.


Your Privacy
Shipping Policy ↑       

Questions about this Privacy Statement
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, ACADENTAL’s privacy practices, or if you would like us to update information or preferences you provided to us, please contact us at

Web: www.acadental.com and use the information on the “Contact Us” page,

Telephone: (913) 384-7390

Types of Personal Data we may process:
The types of personal information we may hold about you include:
Contact information (such as name, postal or email address, and phone number);
Business contact information (such as job title, department and name of organization);
Payment details (including payment card number, expiration date, and billing address);
Shipping information (including the shipping address and phone number);
Username and password for the account you may establish on our website;
Content (such as photographs and comments);
Information generated by us in the course of managing our relationship with you, such as a history of our interactions with you, your purchases from us and information about your use of our products;
Other information (such as demographic data, and shopping behaviour and preferences).
In the European Union (EU),  “personal data” is defined very broadly and includes any information relating to a natural person, who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from data that we hold about them or from data that is combined with other information.  It may include data relating to our employees, customers, contractors or the staff of our suppliers or website users.

Purposes for which we process Personal Data
ACADENTAL needs to process a certain amount of Personal Data about you for a variety of purposes.  ACADENTAL will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law which may include:
Manage our business relationship with you, for example: (i) process your transaction; (ii) manage and maintain your account with us; (iii) respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support;
Marketing, advertising and public relations,for example: (i) marketing our business and products to you; (ii) provide you with information you have requested about our company, our products and our services; (iii) provide you with information about, or samples of, our product range for marketing purposes; (iv) contact you through email, telephone or postal mail; (v) tailor your experience on our website by providing content that is relevant to your interests and geographic region;
Maintenance and statistics, for example: (i) help diagnose problems with our server; administer the website, and compile broad statistical data; (ii) update and maintain our website;
Recruitment purposes, for example; (i) evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with ACADENTAL; (ii) process your application, monitor recruitment statistics, and comply with government reporting requirements; and
Compliance, legal, regulatory and ethical purposes, for example (i) enforce our Terms of Use or other legal rights; (ii) comply with applicable laws, regulations and requests from governmental agencies; (iii) and comply with industry standards and our policies;
Research and product development, for example we may use information about your experience using our products to help us improve our products.
Legal ground for processing the Personal Data
EU Data protection law requires us to have a legal basis before processing any Personal Data about you.  The legal basis for us processing your Personal Data for the above purposes may be because: (i) you have provided your consent; (ii) it is necessary to for the performance of a contract with you; (iii) the processing is necessary for our compliance with a legal obligation; or (iv) the processing is in our legitimate interests of operating and promoting our business. 

To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your Personal Data. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to ACADENTAL use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that you cannot take advantage of certain ACADENTAL products or services.
Disclosure of information relating to data subjects
We intend to keep your Personal Data confidential, in compliance with our legal obligations. We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose this information to third parties, other than as described in this Privacy Statement, for the purposes described above, or as we disclose to you at the time the data is collected. We may disclose your Personal Data in accordance with, and where permitted by, applicable law:
in order for us to comply with our legal obligations, e.g. where we are required to disclose certain information to tax authorities;
to protect the security or integrity of our business, including our databases and systems;
to any of our outsourced service providers, suppliers or distributors to facilitate the provision of contracted services or goods or to provide expanded services to our customers and website visitors, for example; outsource the processing of certain interactive website functions, administering email services, and running special promotions;
for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganization, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event; and
to any other third party where you have provided your consent.
Security measures used to protect the Personal Data
ACADENTAL will take appropriate physical, technical and organizational security measures designed to safeguard and secure any information you provide to us. 
International transfer of Personal Data
We may disclose or transfer your Personal Data to a third party in countries outside the country in which it was originally collected for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out in section 2 above, in particular your Personal Data may be transferred throughout ACADENTAL.  In these circumstances we will, as required by applicable law, ensure that your privacy rights are adequately protected by organizational, technical, contractual and/or other lawful means.  You may be entitled under applicable law to receive a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your Personal Data and privacy rights; please get in touch with the Data Protection Contact for further information on how to exercise this right.
Retention of Personal Data
Your Personal Data will be retained for the duration of our business relationship and for a period of time thereafter as required by applicable local law or where we have a legitimate and lawful purpose.
Data subject rights
Data protection laws often provide individuals with numerous rights, including the right to: access, rectify, erase, restrict and object to the processing of, their Personal Data.  Individuals may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if they believe that their Personal Data is not being processed in accordance with applicable data protection law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the ACADENTAL Privacy Office at Contact us.  To assist us in responding to such requests in a timely fashion, please include the phrase “Privacy Rights Request” in the title of your message.

Data subjects may, where permitted by applicable law, request copies of their Personal Data. This is known as a subject access request or SAR.

If you would like to make a SAR, i.e. a request for copies of the Personal Data we hold about you, you may do so by writing to the Data Protection Contact whose details are provided above. The request should make clear that a SAR is being made.  We may ask you to provide evidence of your identity if it is not clear.

Responding to a SAR can be a time consuming exercise. ACADENTAL may be able to get the information that you require more quickly if you are as specific as possible in your request. E.g., “I would like a copy of my Personal data contained in my website member account file” or if you would like a copy of a particular document it would be helpful if the document is described carefully, including the title, creation date, author and likely place of storage.  This will help us to respond to your SAR as quickly as possible. You may be asked for further details to assist us if insufficient information is provided.
Public areas
This website may make chat rooms, careers, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users at various times. Please remember that, unless otherwise stated, any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas. Do not use these areas to post personal information about third parties.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. ACADENTAL is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of unaffiliated third-party websites. To help ensure the protection of your privacy, we recommend that you review the privacy policy of any website you visit via a link from the website.
Updates to our Privacy Statement
We may at any time in our sole discretion revise or update this Privacy Statement. We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated. All changes are effective immediately when they are posted and apply to all access to and use of the website thereafter.
Cookies/tracking statement
In order to collect certain data described in this Privacy Statement, we may use cookie technology on our website.
A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive, mobile phone or other device.  You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.  This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not.  However, some of the services and features offered through our websites may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.

The following are examples of cookies that mat may be used on our websites:

Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like saving your job application, adding products to a cart, or checking out, cannot be provided. 
Performance / analytic cookies. These cookies collect data about how visitors use our websites, including the country from which the visitor is accessing from. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it.  All data these cookies collect is aggregated and do not seek to personally identify you.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Our website may use social and video plugins such as those provided by Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn or YouTube, etc.
When you visit a page of our website that contains a social, video or other plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the server for that plugin, and provides them with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into that service as well, your visit can be connected to your account with that service. Therefore, if you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like,” or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to that party. Your interaction with those services are governed by their applicable privacy policy and other policies which can be located on their websites.

When you visit our websites, we may allow some third parties (such as advertising networks and data analytics companies) to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. However, there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, our websites currently do not alter their practices when they receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Consent
If necessary to comply with applicable law, we will ask for your consent to place cookies on your device.  Once your consent has been provided, this message will not appear again when you revisit.  If you, or another user of your computer, wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can do so by altering your browser settings. You can find more information about cookies at:  www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.
California
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit California residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. If you are a California resident and would like information identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and the contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties, please submit a written request using the contact details at the beginning of this Privacy Statement.
